Well, here we are in the center of
adoption of the shelter with curro there is
7 and now we're going to meet
with the family that has not adopted well
that we are going there
this new family
well, through a friend of a lot
time told us that when the
bones the kittens the legacies that
we wanted to adopt a dog then we
He said to come here with you
because that actually happened and we
we put in your our mail
and chance with the few days of
be me looking for a dogs and cats
appears unique curro and how it gave us so much
It's a shame to see him there in the portal
we thought we went straight to the center
more to see it there and then we think it a
little bit we came here we talked with Sara and
we said then
because we consider that animals
older people have the same right more than
to live than those of the boys
young people have like people
a life ahead and instead the
older are less years younger
opportunities then good so it
can you lend a hand and
and adopt is rewarding
let's hope it 's
and then later if we adapt to
March
that's
ah
you